(light music)
(whooshing)
(typing)
Alright, we've reached the end of the course.
Congratulations if you watched every video.
We covered quite a lot in this course,
we covered many popular sort algorithms,
we covered linear search and binary search,
and we covered a bunch of data structures,
arrays, linked lists, stacks, queues, hash tables,
trees, heaps, a very brief look at sets.
Now of course we didn't cover every data structure,
we didn't cover some of the more advanced trees,
we didn't cover graphs,
graphs could be a course in themselves,
but we covered all the basic data structures,
and a lot of applications will never need a tree or a graph.
They'll use arrays or hash tables or sets
or stacks and queues, and maybe a linked list or two.
So I hope you enjoyed the course,
I hope you have a better understanding
of the data structures we covered
and their strengths and weaknesses,
and I hope that you enjoyed learning the sort algorithms
that we implemented, and now when you need
to sort some data you'll have
a selection of sort algorithms to choose from.
So thanks very much for taking the course,
good luck with all of your development projects,
and go forth and write some good code.
I'll see you out there.